Mr. Sun, the things have been brought back.
However, Qin Yuantu was still unconscious
Under the tree was going to send someone to sit him
But the other party lives in the house
Someone at the court is secretly protecting it
There's no way to start.
Congratulations on being hard enough
It doesn't die
Forget it, these are extraordinary times
No need to go too far
Just find someone to keep an eye on it
I heard that the juniors of the Qin family are also investigating this case
Yes and just got back from the Kokusai
I don't know why
Humph
Swarm of ants
overreach
Trying to fight with my Sun family
What the courting death lord said is very true
Then send someone to kill them
No, nothing else.
Just a bunch of scumbags
I haven't put it in my heart yet
But what about that one called Qin Feng?
Don't lie
And what is Qinger busy with now?
The eldest son said
In the brothel
This bad boy will die in his daughter's belly sooner or later
You tell him
Can't handle Qin Feng
Go straight back to your hometown